A child as small as a hot pot
You actually let him sleep in the warehouse
Why do you feel bad?
Everyone will feel distressed
I'm going to do some crazy things to you.
Hot pot mom will come to you soon
Guoguo Guoguo
The door is locked
Where will the key be?
Miss, I stole it from the security guard, thank you
Guoguo Guoguo
No, the customer has a fever.
Even adults are afraid to go to places like this
The doctor said he slept all night
Go and find me a doctor
Chen Lin
Why do you feel so sorry for Guoguo?
What do you want?
Since you are so distressed about Guoguo
Fall asleep with him tonight
At least a chance encounter with you
What are you doing to me?
Why do you keep hurting innocent people?
So that's it.
You can never beat me
You can't bear to give up everything
And I, Wang Yu
Just good at
Really?
Jiayu is your heart
Will you abandon him?